That's enough.
You can drop me off here.
Dad, originally tonight...
...I was going to have dinner with you.
But my company announced a team building event last minute.
It's fine.
The food here is great.
If I don't eat it for three days, I miss it terribly.
Really.
You should hurry back.
No.
I'll walk you inside.
This bag is pretty heavy.
Bag?
Just this bag?
You call this bag heavy?
You think your dad can't carry it?
No, I'm just afraid of tiring you out.
Don't you know your dad's physique?
Back in the day, I had iron shoulders and fleet feet.
I even carried water for widows.
I went up to the mountains and down to the countryside.
Did field marches, threw grenades, and fired guns.
You...
No, why are you hitting yourself so hard?
You're going to make yourself throw up.
Just wanted to show off in front of you.
But your dad really does have strong hands.
Let me tell you, with my grip strength...
...if I gave someone a slap, hey...
...even I couldn't handle it.
Alright, you...
...you are very amazing.
You're the best, okay?
Alright.
Come on, give it to me.
Go on now.
Then I'll come pick you up on Saturday.
Saturday?
No need.
It's hard enough to get a weekend off.
Shouldn't you go with your girlfriends...
...shopping, dining...
...and to karaoke?
Why always worry about picking me up?
That works too.
Friday.
Okay, off you go.
If you don't go, you'll be late for the team building.
I'm going, Dad.
Okay, bye-bye.
My daughter insists on picking me up early.
Who insists on picking you up early?
Old Liang.
I was just talking about my daughter.
Such an overly enthusiastic little padded jacket.
She smothers me until I'm breaking out in a cold sweat.
Trying to annoy me, aren't you?
Pulling a Humblebrag on me here.
You were the one showing off first today.
Talking to me with your nose in the air the whole time.
What's wrong with you?
Did you get a nosebleed?
Who got a nosebleed?
I'm wearing the...
...designer sunglasses my daughter just bought me from abroad.
The sun has gone down.
And you're still wearing sunglasses.
Careful you don't fall into the lake in a bit.
Boss Li is back.
What's the meaning of this?
Please wait a moment.
Don't you know who I am?
Liang Shengtian.
The famous movie star...
...'s father.
Doesn't matter if I know you.
The retirement community won't let your dog in.
Who are you calling a dog?
This weekend...
Ms. Liu, you...
Didn't go back home for a visit?
No.
I'm carefree without a home.
Even if I go home, I'm all alone.
Then...
Might as well stay here where it's lively.
Exactly.
I don't like going home either.
When I go home and see that little fox in our house...
I get so angry, let me tell you.
Me too.
You have a little fox at home?
What little fox? I meant...
I'm also alone at home.
Usually...
well...
when I'm busy, I don't feel it.
Working, giving lectures...
But...
once the holidays arrive...
inside my heart...
Actually, me too.
Me too.
Usually, when things get busy, it's not obvious.
What work?
Teaching.
Right, I don't have any teaching.
Of course.
But I'm super busy playing matchmaker.
I haven't been idle.
To tell you the truth...
back when I first retired...
my heart felt so empty.
I had nothing to do but...
talk to myself...
and chat away.
My colleagues all said...
I couldn't go on like this.
Yes, they advised me...
to get a pet or something.
So what should I get?
Raise anything but a son.
They grow up to be ingrates.
I raised a...
Ingrate.
What ingrate did I raise, tell me?
I say, Xiao Cai...
can you stop interrupting here?
I didn't interrupt.
Aren't the three of us chatting nicely?
The Professor is talking about raising pets.
You are talking about raising sons.
That's a mix-up.
Actually, if you ask me,
why keep pets?
We can barely take care of people, honestly.
By the way,
speaking of pets reminds me.
Next door at Longevity Residence,
an old man named Shan moved in.
He's always muttering to himself.
Saying things like,
"Humans..."
"These humans..."
"Don't always deal with humans."
"It's better to deal with animals."
"Animals are always animals,"
"but humans aren't always human."
Why does this old guy talk like that?
Isn't that painting everyone with the same brush?
Thank you.
This old man,
must have been traumatized.
What did you say his name was?
Shan.
His surname is Shan.
I saw it on his doorplate.
Let me educate you.
The character for "single",
when used as a surname,
is pronounced "Shan".
This "Shan" has...
three origins.
First, it comes from King Cheng of Zhou...
Professor, you're going too far back.
Just tell Xiao Cai,
that old man's surname is Shan.
His surname is Shan, right.
He isn't kind at all, he's fierce.
He looks like he's got a chip on his shoulder.
Ignoring everyone.
I think the name Shan suits him best.
Let him go be a loner.
Why won't you let me in?
I live right here.
I paid in full.
Do you know that or not?
We know.
Don't you live in Evergreen Residence?
If you know, why won't you let me in?
It's about your dog...
Are you cursing me?
Cursing again?
No.
He said "this dog of yours."
You're still cursing!
You're answering too fast.
Let us finish our sentence.
He said the dog you're holding...
...is not allowed in.
My dog has a license.
It has a leash.
Why can't it come in?
Uncle Liang.
Our retirement community just issued a new rule today.
No pets allowed anymore.
The director told us.
First.
Fear of scaring people.
Second, fear of hurting people.
Third, fear of infecting people.
Fourth.
Fourth, you're too dogmatic, you know that?
I'm holding my dog on a tight leash.
How could it possibly hurt anyone?
It's even less likely to scare anyone.
Besides.
My dog is very smart.
It can guard the house.
How does it guard?
If a thief enters our community...
It can immediately...
Immediately pounce and bite.
You see?
It could still hurt someone, right?
Who said it bites?
It can immediately bark.
Barking isn't okay either.
Barking can hurt people too.
The day before yesterday.
Well...
An old lady at Pine and Crane Residence.
Her leg got broken by a dog's bark.
Impossible.
Absolutely impossible.
A dog bark broke a person's leg?
That little dog barked...
Her legs went weak...
Her body tilted...
She fell to the ground...
And broke her femoral head.
That's how the leg got broken by the bark.
This...
But it wasn't my dog that barked and broke it.
My dog only barks when it sees bad people.
It doesn't bark if it doesn't see bad people.
Mr. Liang,
didn't you say your dog
only barks when it sees bad people?
Maybe this is a bad person.
No, sorry.
I didn't mean you.
I meant...
Stop barking, Bell.
Stop it.
Mr. Liang,
you'd better leave with Bell.
Exactly.
Only old people come in and out of here.
If he scares someone into breaking a leg,
we can't take responsibility.
Mr. Liang,
if you don't leave now,
we will have to take
your Bell
into custody.
You wouldn't dare!
He's barking at me!
I like it!
Is it any of your business?
What are you fussing about here?
Step aside.
Mr. Shan,
aren't I helping you?
Do I need your help?
Come.
Your name is Bell?
So beautiful.
Good boy.
How old are you?
My dog is acting so strange.
He...
usually doesn't bark.
You don't look like a bad person either.
You're the bad person!
What a good dog.
He treats you as his master.
Barking at people is his way of protecting you.
That's called gratitude.
People like you...
aren't as good as this dog.
You...
why do you...
snap at everyone you see?
I think you're worse than this dog.
Let's go.
Bell, let's go.
No need, no need.
I...
I'm leaving now.
You two, get up.
No need.
My back, watch my back.
No need, no need.
Get up.
You're back.
I thought you were coming back tomorrow.
My daughter has meetings today and tomorrow.
She's busy.
She was dead set on
keeping me for dinner.
But then I thought,
I shouldn't affect her work, right?
So I came back.
Well, you're back now.
You haven't eaten yet?
Cooking noodles for yourself?
Once I went back this weekend,
my old comrades heard about it.
They lined up to treat me.
Eating every day, drinking every meal.
A hell of booze and meat.
I couldn't turn them down.
Brag on. Humblebragging again, huh?
It's annoying.
I just wanted to make some porridge or noodles,
to rest my stomach.
This weekend,
another elderly man moved in next door.
His surname is Shan.
You didn't know, right?
What's new about that?
I heard from Xiao Cai
that this old man might have psychological issues.
What kind of issues?
Well,
he treats dogs like people,
and treats people like dogs.
A total oddball.
What's going on?
What's that sound?
I think I saw a dark shadow.
It whooshed past the window.
Is someone peeping at us?
Impossible.
Peeping at two old men?
That would be way too perverted.
I think you're seeing things out of hunger.
The noodles are almost ready.
Have some with me in a bit.
I just ate.
With Ms. Liu...
...and Xiao Cai.
After we finished eating...
...we went on to sing.
We sang a new song.
Flowers of Happiness Bloom All Around.
Come on.
You call that a new song?
It's ancient.
Besides, your singing was terrible.
Listen to mine.
Our Lives Are Filled with Sunshine.
Filled with Sunshine.
Alright.
Yours isn't that great either.
But Ms. Liu, on the other hand...
...professionals just sing better.
The moment she opens her mouth...
...that voice...
Ms. Liu!
Something's happened!
Xiao Cai, don't be scared, Xiao Cai
Don't be scared
It's okay
Ms. Liu
What happened?
Nothing
Are you alright?
Ms. Liu
Yes
How are you?
I'm fine, but Xiao Cai...
That's good then
What do you two mean?
Why is it "good" when it comes to me?
No, you're okay, isn't that good?
What's wrong? What happened?
What's the problem?
Is there a problem we need to solve? Right
Xiao Cai
What happened to you?
Tell us about it
Right
Well, it's just...
Just now...
I met a hooligan
What?
A hooligan?
In broad day...
In broad dark night...
A hooligan got into our community
And he even harassed an old lady
Xiao Cai
Tell us
What did this hooligan do to you?
Well...
Not much really
Don't have any reservations
Be brave
Be bold
The more specific, the better
Aren't you a pervert?
Just understanding the situation
It was just Ms. Liu and me
We were sitting here singing
Sweet work
is infinitely good, hey
Sweet songs...
Xiao Cai
Don't sing
Didn't you say the more specific, the better?
I didn't ask you to sing
What happened next?
Next...
Ms. Liu and I were singing
We were singing just fine
Then...
There was a black shadow
Then it went around behind me
And then...
Whoosh, just like that
I felt like he was trying to pick my pocket
So it was just a thief
Not a hooligan
Well...
The word "hooligan"...
In ancient times in our country...
Referred to vagrants
So a thief...
Can also be a hooligan
But a hooligan isn't necessarily a thief
Stop
We don't have time for your lecture right now
Xiao Cai
Did you see...
What that thief looked like?
Well...
I really...
Didn't see
Then you... He went behind me
I don't have eyes in the back of my head
That's true
If you had eyes in the back of your head...
Wouldn't you be Voldemort?
Ms. Liu
Did you see anything?
I actually did see something
Unfortunately, not clearly
No, I...
I just saw a silhouette
It was thin and small
Very agile
A professional cat burglar
It seemed like...
there was a knife hanging from his backside.
A weapon, too? That's serious!
And then what?
And then...
Xiao Cai just screamed.
Then we saw a figure...
whoosh, it flew past over there.
Now that you mention it, I remember.
It seemed just...
just...
it went whoosh, whoosh like that.
Okay.
Everyone, follow my command.
Professor Fan,
you accompany Ms. Liu and Xiao Cai...
Okay.
back to your respective rooms.
Lock your doors and windows.
Check if you've lost anything.
A Jian, A Qiang,
you two come with me to catch the thief.
Keep up.
Yes, yes.
This...
he really had a blast today.
Quick, let's go back.
Let's go.
Keep up!
Listen up.
Once the thief appears,
the two of you just...
charge!
Yes, sir!
Wait.
What about you?
I'll be cheering you on!
Go, go!
Don't actually make a sound.
Or the thief will hear you.
Okay.
Who are you afraid will hear?
Who are you trying to scare, old brother?
Who's scaring whom?
It's the middle of the night.
You're right under my window,
sneaking around. What are you doing?
No, we...
we are...
Didn't you hear Xiao Cai shouting just now?
A thief has entered our community.
What thief?
Nonsense.
There's no thief here.
Ms. Liu saw him.
Small and thin.
Agile.
And he's got a knife hanging from his backside.
He has a knife?
So?
Do you have any clues?
Clues?
I don't know.
You...
Why don't you go check somewhere else?
Hurry up and leave. Go on.
Um...
maybe we should go.
Uncle Li.
Uncle, my foot!
Why are you leaving?
We haven't caught the thief yet.
But we're security guards.
Disturbing an elder's rest...
is also against the rules.
Then how about...
you search here first.
We'll go look around elsewhere.
Come back!
How can you leave?
Leaving me here alone, what's the big idea?
That thief has a weapon.
As the saying goes,
"If a thief holds a knife,
even the police are helpless."
You two can't leave.
Then... we won't leave.
But...
please don't make any more noise.
I won't make a sound.
Is that better?
Keep up.
Quick.
Who's commanding whom?
Don't make a sound.
Who's making a sound, old brother?
Old brother...
Old Brother Shan.
Is this old man's surname Shan?
Isn't it written right here?
Shan.
Darn it.
The thief is in the old man's room!
Quick, break the door down!
Watch me.
Watch him.
My head is still dizzy from earlier.
Go!
Watch this.
Washing my hands...
Hurry up.
Watch me.
Oh no!
Help!
The thief got into Old Shan's room!
He knocked the old man down!
Someone help!
Imperial Physician Sun,
how is Old Shan doing?
Well...
it could be bad...
it's quite possible...
I'm afraid it's...
nothing serious.
If it's nothing serious, why all this...
why are you...
what are you doing there?
Well, I...
had a bowl of tofu pudding this morning.
Did it get stuck in your teeth?
You should've said so earlier.
Here.
Thanks.
Getting tofu pudding stuck in your teeth?
You'd probably get water stuck in there too!
And you too, Old Shan.
You were closing the window,
how did you manage to fall flat on your face?
Luckily we hadn't gone far.
We heard the noise.
Otherwise, you'd have been on the floor all night.
Pfft.
If you hadn't been
making a racket under my window tonight,
causing trouble...
I turned around,
stepped on those soybeans, and fell flat.
Save your breath.
My medical bills,
lost wages,
Compensation for lost youth...
you have to pay for it all.
Now he's trying to extort us.
Seeing the doctor in our nursing home
is free of charge.
Elder Shan,
I've finished your examination.
It's nothing serious.
Nothing serious.
It's just that your waist and ribs
have some soft tissue contusion.
I've prescribed some topical medication.
If you're still worried,
contact your family
and go to the hospital.
No, get a comprehensive...
Don't contact anyone. I have no family.
I'm all alone.
You know, people...
why aren't they as good as animals?
Like you lot.
My son...
Don't lump us in with your son.
Isn't that taking advantage of us?
I mean you're all the same as my son.
Not a decent one among you.
Get out!
All of you, get out!
Old Shan, why are you like this?
Stubborn,
and always
spoiling for a fight!
Enough.
Enough, Boss Li. Stop talking.
Let's go.
Don't stoop to his level.
Uh, Elder Shan,
try to avoid strenuous exercise.
I know, I know. Just go.
Mind your soft tissues.
Close the door on your way out!
That old man Shan nearly drove me crazy.
Professor Fan.
How can you set such an uncivilized example?
What's wrong?
Don't you know that our Willow New Town
is a smoke-free community?
And yet you're smoking.
Smoking a pipe, no less.
It's an empty pipe.
Then why are you coughing?
Why smoke it if it's empty?
Just to satisfy the craving.
Like a rubber pacifier?
With this outfit of mine,
and a pipe in my mouth,
combined with my image and temperament,
don't you think I look like...
Like a patient who escaped from Bedlam.
The great detective, Sherlock Holmes.
No.
My surname is Fan.
Fan Holmes.
Wood ear mushroom shreds?
Is that a cold dish?
Don't be silly.
Don't disturb my deduction of the case.
Deduction of the case?
For a matter this small,
isn't it just a thief? Call the police.
Once the police arrive, the truth will be out.
That's right.
Then what will happen in the next episode?
What?
Next episode?
What are you talking about?
I meant to say...
we can't call the police.
If we don't call the police, what do we do?
Let me tell you.
I've been busy all day today.
Going door to door doing a survey.
And guess what?
From last night until now,
no one has lost anything at all.
Then what is going on?
Exactly.
How can we report it?
How would the police open a case?
Just saying we saw a shadow,
but nothing was stolen?
That our old eyes didn't see clearly?
Does that make sense?
Then what do you suggest?
If you ask me,
this matter must be...
Professor Fan!
Boss Li!
What's wrong?
Did you catch the thief?
No.
It's Shan.
He ran out.
His soft tissue...
Let's go.
Excuse me.